AI GENERATED. Has to be taken up otherwise I tell you.
Some of you will start looking like orange z or.
Genghis Khan.
For Hitler.
Or something like that,
see,
all these,
you suddenly I find among suchies
some Hitler standing with the moustache
and the hair like that,
the nose like that.
But suddenly I find someone like that.
It's quite possible.
I mean
what I have seen of Sergio guy in the west,
I'm surprised to see.
You leave somebody as a little sparrow,
and when you come back,
you find a hawk.
That the same person.
Yes,
now she's become aha.
Only possible
in the west,
I can tell you.
If you tell somebody in India,
they will not believe.
Like Mister Jekyll and Mister Hyde,
only possible
in the West.
When I read this story,
I said,
how can it be possible.
Doctor Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde,
I said,
how can it be possible?
But I've seen it.
It happens here
They,
when they are good,
they're very,
very good,
and when they're bad,
they're horrid.
But that's only in the West.
You don't find this
in India.
Why?
The reason is we are deep.
Into ourselves really deep.
All right,
you have not missed anything now.
Because you got your realisation as they've got it,
you've got the knowledge of surgery as they've got it.
But test it upon yourself.
And humble down yourself.
Go down into yourself
facing yourself.
Just
telling yourself,
no,
I have to agree deeper and deeper.
I'm not going to listen to anything.
Ego and all that nonsense.
I'm not going to listen.
I'm going to go deeper into.
And move into yourself,
ed yourself
into reality.
Piercing through all these ego or nonsensical ideas that come.
Then only you can correct it,
otherwise you can.
The best way in meditation I've seen to improve your ego
is to meditate on my feet.
My feet
Have that magic.
Have you got photographs of my feet?
I don't find anything here.
Yeah,
we just bring one,
just bring one.
All right,
watch that.
They're very small one this one this is this is not this kind,
one.
Ah,
see.
A place.
So
Ah,
that's it.
They are reflecting too much though the light,
huh.
Can we take out this?
Yet lots of these small kinds they have.
Change
Later
Mm.
Now the 2nd group can come in.
Are you all right now?
Better.
Still there.
Beat yourself with shoes.
I tell you,
beat yourself with shoes.
That's the best way,
go and beat yourself with shoes,
all of you.
Now those
come and
just.
P
Very simple feat.
All the people at the back come right in.
Get some Puja ones also,
yeah.
No need to rub my feet.
You can just wash them.
Mm.
Can you feel the vibration?
Right
Well,
let's have the 2nd group coming down.
Please move out
Have you got kumkum here?
Bring it.
Those who have not rubbed my feet can rub with the kumum with who died.
Those who have not rubbed my feet
so far should wait,
and,
uh,
others can meditate a little bit on the feet.
God bless her.
rough.
Ah,
but he.
Can you feel the vibrations now the cool breeze.
Put it in a
a or something.
Put it in a mixer.
hm,
now,
all right,
good.
Chris,
how are you?
Better
Now those who want to come further,
come up.
Allow some others to come for.
It's.
or just what.
Are you better now.
got it.
So.
No,
just try,
just
try,
yeah.
Did you use the ice?
It helped you
It's right-sided probably.
Stomach or you did it
on the liver.
Hm.
That also helps
Released
My breathing is all right.
Regina,
you sit here.
Don't close your eyes.
Hello,
for me.
This is in me.
Mm
No
Um,
feet,
feet.
But
You cannot think about them.
You just have to see it.
Oh,
Hm.
Now,
another group,
all of you have been.
All right?
All of you all right?
No.
Those who have not rubbed my feet before.
Some
It
Or not had done my poojas.
Come,
come on.
I got to,
all right,
come down.
Take this
and rub it on my foot.
Come now,
Aja.
Hold it,
hold it,
love.
Their hands are fuller than my feet today.
That's the best part,
huh
huh.
Balo hot akala left hand,
left hand ballo right handlo
sorry per.
And the soul
Huh?
Ah,
I could make out.
And
I think
Like a tremendous poetry.
I
Rub it hard.
Me ha.
Cool
Idea.
the
photograph exactly what photograph and just make a
uh South American Indian dictate that thank you.
Uh.
Of the clouds maybe the like yeah.
We won't need cameras,
I think
clouds will start showing it's all.
I'm just joking.
In the clouds,
the photographs are coming now.
Electricity
Oh,
now see.
CO vibri
Oh
Maybe.
Zune.
Ah
The part of that.
We programme part with hm.
You are.
But stra name that it's huh.
Sympathetic question and one minor party.
Well.
It's Jane.
whatever.
this
I
You got
Yeah
I will.
Cho
Ah
look it's quite correct.
Mm let's.
I.
Uh
Is it just you know what one.
Yeah but.
What.
Yeah.
I look at.
The.
huh?
Yeah,
yeah.
Yeah.
It.
But.
Time.
Yeah.
Meta cinematograph for cases OGL.
I
It's clear.
You come down after that.
All they can have once.
Yeah,
what your but me.
or any profits.
A la.
Atima.
graph.
Or he's a just a freelance.
Good.
OK.
genius.
I was scholar.
No else to be cut.
Fix
the lady who but not but not here.
That baa,
OK,
grandson.
Mm.
Good
Really nice.
Or how you howma and love me here.
Almost.
Oh no.
What a name.
Uh,
ancient Indian culture on that and she's a gold medalist at top of the list.
To
Let's see
The
Mm
What's that.
Let's give that gun.
Mm.
May God bless you.
You get a drop.
I know.
A quick drama.
one.
Background catalogue.
It's not.
Mhm.
A yellows of film.
It looks so bad.
Can I striped one of it.
Make a script on seekers.
They can have a thing.
I still on me.
I'll go forgraphy.
Go.
We all can you all can act as actors and acts.
In the,
in the normal films,
what do they show?
One car is going,
another car is running.
This car is going fast,
another car follows it.
All that nonsense.
Or else if you have a good actor,
someone or a good actor,
he carries the film Holly said.
But mostly
I've seen
the very,
very few good films.
Which have any messages.
But now Mister
Rane has been exposed.
You can show all these people.
In a sense
It.
Uh,
what is illustrate quickly you last.
I see.
What?
Well,
I mean she's another one.
he's the one in London.
I'd come out that Benner,
what was his name?
Bernard Bevin.
Levin Bernard Levin,
he wrote a big article about his niche.
Now those who are not rapped out.
You're all right,
enjoy it.
Be careful with your hands.
You can rub it on your head.
It's better
to have red headed.
We'll have red and red leaks.
Both are around.
It's very good.
Come along now,
and so have.
So we can have something like that.
Are the two are gonna get married again.
They're married.
I want you to bless them.
Oh,
I see.
Good.
What about the pictures you wanted to show me?
Yes.
Defoe.
technically technically but uh amateurs.
Uh.
Mm,
no,
let me see.
Mara.
Shkari
All right,
now.
Is he here?
No,
he's not here.
San Francisco.
He's going to India.
I
Others.
Yeah.
Ah.
A cha or uh
uh let's see there's.
Where what,
uh,
but I can't tell you.
Uh which college?
I did.
Did you
electronic
Right
It's
any nationality preference for you to marry outside of the US?
Or
Canada,
yes.
To marry any nationality,
Is there any nationality you don't want to marry?
I mean he's seen everything.
Is there any particular person whom you want to marry?
Yes,
OK,
who's that?
I see.
That's great.
Yeah.
she's blushing.
But where is he?
Where is he going?
Where is he,
mother,
this boy,
he's uh out in California.
He could get here.
And ready to meet that girl.
Gale
Where did you meet her?
Where did you
a few years ago.
Oh,
that's great.
All right,
that's very beautiful.
So it's so this one is so this one's on.
This is him,
Phil,
this is Phil.
He couldn't get a photograph,
but seeing as his uh wife's
uh
here.
She has a photograph of herself.
Ah,
you brought 10 good.
Director
Of Broadway studios New York.
It make they make films.
the director.
Oh,
that's good.
Now we should make one film of Seekers,
all right.
You
His desire to humility it's wonderful.
Now see your vibrations,
both of you.
First of all,
beautiful.
May God bless you.
I should put one more point.
Have you been to any guru?
That's important.
We have that on this form.
Now,
just see,
put your hands towards me.
Let's see.
Better
How are you?
Uh
Uh,
yes,
I do.
I'll put it on your head.
It would be good for us.
All right,
that's fine,
excellent.
Oh man.
Richard
is American.
Are you still nursing,
Richard Richard?
Are you still nursing?
Yes,
I,
I do it part time.
In that you would like to marry?
Yes ma'am.
That's good.
Mm
Great
Yes we have
Is he here,
Edward.
Canadian
I
Some people couldn't come through much as you lack of space
in that sense.
He's so tall as 6 ft.
Oh,
What's the meaning of tardy.
late
A person who's always late,
like me.
You have a different way of doing it a different purpose.
Distracted
Often distracted,
that attention is
easily
taken away from.
Daydreaming.
It's.
Is he?
He's improved.
Laurie Hynes,
uh,
person,
he's in the ashram there in,
in Vancouver,
but he's had an up and down history.
So we'll find it somebody.
It's very good.
Godfrey in San Diego.
point
She has children.
Uh,
yes,
ma'am.
Is he here?
No.
Again another case of vaccine.
They uh
With saving to go to India.
Mm
And I think the difference between flying here and there may make.
may make the difference whether you can go to India.
So
they didn't know you were
gonna be here,
mother.
At first it was Warren and they,
Warren was gonna go to their San Diego.
Christine.
We have done
Janet Bows.
Jeannette.
the
Oh good.
Hm.
They're all filmmakers here.
She she brought them,
uh,
Phil and Christine and all these other filmmakers
from the department where she works for.
Now what's that.
Christine,
could you
Good
If you have gone to sleep.
Left sided feet.
Yes,
a very good person extremely.
30 years of age.
For some streets.
Elizabeth
And she's she said,
yes,
I met her.
I know I don't her.
She has children.
Uh,
no,
mother,
she's never been married.
I
Hm.
Caroline,
I would like to marry.
Did you hear that?
I said,
I would like to marry you now.
Myself.
We are so good.
Ah,
that's so good.
divorced.
To
You divorced and he divorced.
Is he married?
huh?
Mm,
does he?
Not bad.
I don't want to give you another chance.
How do you find him?
Be
Why not try Sergio.
Mm.
Better try because I am saying your children must be missing the father.
Oh,
they have their they have grown up,
huh.
25 and 23 years old in professions of their own.
They're all working professionally in fields,
economics.
Father.
Why not try him again,
all right?
I have a feeling
he's a good man.
He may come to search you.
All right,
that would be a unique thing.
You know my ego
No,
it's not that.
I think
Now you are very.
Right,
try.
So
That would be the best.
I'll be very happy
because it's,
it's a new precedent
for people
to show that those who are divorced again can remarry
because after
realisation,
a person gets completely transformed.
I start seeing the beauty of another person with a different rank.
I
And all the hurts and all those past things are.
Hm.
Lee.
Yeah,
OK,
yeah.
Yeah.
But only in India is possible,
Warren,
what he said.
Be a master like this just
falling at my feet like that,
only in India.
Ah
Steve
In 4 notes she took all that in 4 notes.
I think all of you should learn little Indian music.
It gives you
a basic
understanding of music as it is.
Right.
I
Oh
This song,
he must have sung at least 100 times.
Every time a different time.
But
Bagoujana.
It was without any shrada.
How how is the
emotions?
There are no emotions in it,
then how will you
go?
Beyond the
Maasagara,
beyond the ocean of Iluja.
Oh
Saba is all Kare is do.
We all do pilgrimage or the Deva Puja,
and not thee with the
heart.
But
Watson on our money.
Was,
but the greed
and the dust doesn't die.
So what's the use?
How will you cross the illusion?
Just going to pilgrimages
and worshipping God.
Whenever I speak,
you people catch on left to Shudi.
That's very bad.
I didn't say anything
like that.
I was making you laugh all the time.
That's also bootish,
I think,
isn't it,
to catch on to such points.
My God.
Might be cabiras Kabiras.
He says that
you,
they wash themselves very well in India,
especially,
you see,
they wash their body very well,
they wash everything very well.
What about inside is not washed.
Should be the other way down,
you see.
Where can you take out vibrations.
You have to see this too much.
Can you put it
here,
this side,
the light.
The
Beautiful.
Such big ones I've not seen before.
What's that?
huh?
I settle down with the 2nd 1.
Yes.
Yes,
it's very much.
Is
uh icement
so.
And everything becomes
uh in the EPS stage you start seeing everything in the week.
No I understand.
You know,
The one in Pandarpura.
All in all Maharashtras are devoted to Pandavpur because according to them,
Shri Krishna came and stayed there.
So the one who stayed in Pandarina.
Where there's my friend.
Loose
secret stuff.
He sang this to you on your birthday celebration.
It's different now,
and much better.
Yeah.
Why
Oh
Kagaga.
F
No.
I
At least sugar would be good because of that.
Or some Diet Coke.
All right.
Have you got
Diet Coke.
It's burning.
See,
I don't eat very hot things.
Normally Indians like it,
but not me.
That's good.
So
don't.
See
Left suggest is a permanent cat,
left aria.
cat
Left
Adler.
Take it off.
Is the la la.
Khawari
Supporter.
Sar supporter picture up.
It takes the sides of these
takes the sides of the bas.
Stands by.
To
Where are you taking your house?
In a place called Mount Vernon.
It's just not.
It's away from here it's far away.
Too far away.
Good,
not that it's closer,
much closer than.
Chihuahua.
A one spoon with.
What
Wow.
No.
Combination of left
left yeah yes this is.
My daughter's little baby is sucking that one all the time.
All the time
Yeah
Uh
just.
Ragbalubalungale changing ragas.
Poor May's baby.
I think children must be catching from you all,
that's why they don't want to sit in the.
I on the surgery.
You're looking better.
Except for
Collectivity
Yes.
He
Well
Make tan.
He's saying that,
Krishna,
you have
paid the debts of many before.
Bo ourselves many.
Wow.
It.
Michael,
what are you doing?
What work?
Same thing.
We're installing telecommunications.
stolen telephone
Sophisticated tele for
Better restore yourself also.
A guy's terrible.
Fundalini doesn't go above this.
I think the telephone system between you and God is not all right.
Better put it right,
I guess too much.
Watch me.
Put your left to the right,
because when we work very hard our raga catches.
Put left to the right 7 times.
All of you should cry.
No
Cing what a year.
To correct
And one should not be angry with him,
I think.
In England
they behave very well.
He's here to
because he knows a lot about Sergio,
to teach you about Sergio.
You must have knowledge of surgery.
That's very important.
Because if you don't have the knowledge,
you see,
the people don't feel impressed by you.
You must know it.
Left Christi left right at the mother.
Don't get to the left,
that's your weakness.
Ah,
How much air on it
nonstop.
It's getting more intense,
not less.
Left.
Re
Little her.
Lu.
Right,
yeah.
Now you see how your mother has to suffer.
You must all keep yourself clean,
practise a yoga,
meditate every day,
and try to meet one
as far as possible.
That all
creates problems.
Get enough.
You must meet everyone,
you see.
That stopped.
Try to meet as many as possible.
I stopped.
I've got pain in your head.
I've got a headache?
I have,
huh,
it's gone up here.
Rub it,
rub it a little bit.
We face yourself,
you see,
why do you develop an aria?
Develop
it because you think you're doing the work.
Ah,
Wow
Not better on the left.
Now getting better on the left.
It's getting better on the left.
Co
He.
Well,
Come on
Kaylara.
Lela.
He says
who is a.
You,
you have
uh uh
You have paid off the debts of so many before.
Now who is going to pay off our debts?
Because
Sri Krishna is also Kubera,
it's the one.
Who is the giver of wealth.
Lit
Mm
Hm.
Wow.
Not to feel guilty is very wrong way attitude.
Face it,
Actually I,
I get deaf sometimes the way you people see it.
The doctor has given me a earphone.
A
We should leave.
I better get my case.
Christine,
I wanted to tell you about this,
uh,
programme of going to India.
I think,
but you are,
uh,
compiling all the names and everything
you
now.
And uh the list has not gone of marriages,
uh,
which must be
sent immediately
to go.
I wanted you to see it first.
Wanted me to see it.
We'll see that together there would be better.
Have you got it now?
All right,
in your room.
So I'll see that and I'll see the people.
That's one thing.
Secondly,
And the circular I hope to have written
that he shouldn't bring too many clothes there.
Those who want to have saris,
we will get 3 saris and 3 blouses and 3 petticoats.
Ready for them
if they write it down.
Have you written down like that?
Yes,
they have,
they have it in the measurements as well.
All right,
so.
Anybody who hasn't given me their measurements,
I think most of you have.
Make sure you give me it today.
Also for men,
if you give us your measurements,
we'll get your kurta and pyjamas ready in time,
we will not be in Bombay.
For some time.
I think we'll never be in Bombay till you come back,
so no question.
Now about money,
how much have you sent?
Is 180 sent
sent all of their money.
Everyone should have all of their money.
Yes,
all of it.
Everyone sent their deposit,
but most people have paid
all of the money.
The only thing they have to pay
is the airfare,
and that they have to pay to Babet.
that's different.
That's.
All that money should be paid.
Now about
luggage.
Again I say
don't carry too much,
but you must carry.
Some sort of a
foam
thing,
about 2 to 3 inches.
That
Quite light.
Or in your sleeping bag.
That is something you have to donate
to Indians.
It's very important.
4 thick as that rubber or 4,
whatever you can get.
Rubber would be expensive.
No,
they better buy whatever you can get.
Then rubber is better.
For Indian climate travel is better,
about 3 inches.
It is covered with some sort of a sheet or something I
think 3 inches 3 inches thick might be quite a heavy one.
No,
no,
not heavy.
It is not.
They are not carrying too much luggage.
Everybody can carry one as I meant for the buses.
I mean for the buses.
No,
no,
not for buses.
No,
no,
no problem.
No problem for buses.
I can get something else like a truck or something,
you know,
but the amount I have to pay,
what happens when you get anything from the people.
They give you these,
uh,
what do you call this
mattresses there.
And I don't know.
Some people carelessly
use that,
and you have to pay for the whole price of the whole thing,
and then it really tells upon us.
Uh sometimes 50,
sometimes 60 is too much.
So it's better you bring your own
once for all,
and we'll manage it
because we can always use that.
Well,
man,
don't you worry.
I don't mind paying for that.
But the lord and all,
but in any case,
if you don't read too many things.
Why don't you bring a small suitcase with a few things in it,
whatever you need,
because Indian soaps are better than here.
Indian
toothpastes are better than here.
Everything is better than here
at the most the brush you might bring
toothbrush.
A person walking out with a toothbrush is the best.
I mean,
combs,
we get better.
Whatever you need,
you tell us.
We get you everything soaps.
So
we get beautiful soaps in India.
I use always Indian soaps.
Sandroot soaps are beautiful.
They're so nice for the skin and
so good compared to all your expensive
things.
Washing your hair,
don't carry your shampoos.
We have there very good chica eyes and all that.
Use them for a change,
you see.
They'll make your hair look better.
They'll grow better,
you'll like it.
Anything like that you want,
we can get you.
And it's not much to pay
also.
Under clothes,
if you want to take,
you can take it otherwise if you give us sizes,
we'll get you under clothes also.
Pure cotton under clothes are very,
very cheap in India.
So don't carry too many things.
There's no need to carry.
Because whatever you get here is very uncomfortable to me
at least because everything is mixed with this nylon,
this that
you put your foot anywhere,
it's nylon,
do anything,
it is nylon,
so it's not comfortable for a surgery.
And even your soaps are some horrible chemicals,
you see.
I mean,
I just cannot
use some of the soaps you have like cam.
I don't know what goes wrong with it.
So many of them this then this
uh milkafulai or something that to
life business I cannot.
Just gives me rush.
Now what else is to be carried like that?
Just the suit they go there with just one suit of clothes what they're wearing
and 2 will do 2 will do,
but that suits,
suit only 1 at the most.
I mean,
where will you get to the suits?
You just wear these kurta pyjamas.
That's the best there.
Was the use of wearing a suit in that heat to get all the boils on the body?
Maybe a jacket or some sweater sweater,
sweater.
Don't sweater.
Sweater is sufficient for India.
Don't have to carry goats and raincoats and umbrellas.
There's no need.
So,
they virtually need to carry virtually no luggage.
Virtually they'll be wearing most of it when they go when you can't wear kurtas,
no journey from here they have virtually nothing with them just an empty
bag if somebody has got a kura they may like to take it,
you see,
but you can buy two kurtas for yourself.
It's a good idea.
They buy,
they normally buy about 4 or 545 silks because the last time we went
there we couldn't get silk ones till the very last one we'll have to,
but if you give me sizes of this type of,
I don't know what they call them.
What is that half
half
half pyjama pyjamas.
They're not and they're not pyjamas.
They're,
they're half pyjamas.
At the
most you can bring long johns.
Yeah
I mean,
if you,
you won't find it so cold.
I don't know what you can bring razors,
maybe.
But where do you use the electric lasers?
No,
battery operated ones,
you used the whole journey or a battery ones.
All right.
How big batteries,
the kind of battery you bought for me.
That's a good one.
Bring those kinds.
The battery is good.
That's a good idea.
battery.
What else?
The batteries self-charging ones you're talking about,
the ones you thought were good.
You just plug them in and they charge up plug you won't get.
Better bring where you can put the batteries.
Yeah,
we didn't we bring batteries that no,
no,
batteries
that can be plugged or battery right both ways.
One everybody must have a battery.
It's very good.
What is.
We'll get your oils.
Everything
We'll get you oils,
combs,
huh,
chapels you'll get there
tooth,
toothbrush you must bring because I don't know.
Indians are not very good at toothbrushes.
We use,
you see,
the other thing,
Indians thing
which you may not like,
but it's very good for the teeth.
Maybe toothpaste if you are fond of any one of them.
I
don't know what else can you bring.
Do they need Ashley's suitcases or soft bag,
you know,
big soft bag.
Why?
Well,
in case you want to bring something back.
No,
no,
then you see,
you should buy one in India.
Why don't you buy one leather one there?
We'll order.
They'll give you a very nice leather soft box about.
Oh yes.
Why don't you get a pure leather?
These horrible soft ones here,
they go give way in no time.
They'll give a nice
one with a lock and everything.
Pure leather.
How many for that?
Raise your hands.
Those who are going
one pure leather thing,
those who are going to be there.
It's good.
Christine,
why don't you come?
I'd love to if we could afford it,
but
I don't know if it'll be possible she wanted because of the house,
because of the house purchase.
He's there.
What is he going to do?
Let him do the house.
What are you going to do with the house?
The money,
the money.
What's the money
we need her salary for the,
well,
not just that,
no,
whether we'll have enough to pay for the trip.
It's.
I mean,
what a house you're buying like that.
What's the use of such a big house?
What are you going to do with it?
Well,
maybe some people would come and live with us.
Savis then it's so.
Um,
they can be.
If those surgeries you want to stay with you can pay
because I think it's a long time you have not been.
Yes it is,
but people have been asking me why Christina has not come with such an old surgery,
Winnie,
like you said they remember this time Pat all this old group is going,
so I think you should make it.
Yes,
she let her come.
Actually,
he also must,
but you can go halfway.
He can come halfway because Aga is terrible
and surgeries will get after you,
the Indian surgeries.
They'll give you a nice massage.
I can see that as soon as you come,
they'll jump on you.
Be prepared Michaela.
Terrible.
I tell you it's numbing.
It's very bad.
Hold it.
It's terrible.
Just imagine beside you,
beside that.
Better now.
This is steady.
To.
I should get dressed.
Who can do that again.
It's too much.
safe
I did quite a lot.
It seems never ending.
Little tiny bit of sugar,
mother,
teeny little bit of sugar,
a little bit.
A little bit.
Yeah
That's the way
Man
the
Not him.
No,
no.
It's such a lot.
I just want to do it so they all clear out.
So I can clear out myself,
but what's the use?
Should they put their left hand to you,
Mother,
right hand on the earth,
left hand to you.
Well,
this is all right.
See,
always
remember
that positive goes to negative,
you see,
so the connection is established.
So on the left hand side,
if you're working,
then you have the right hand
and left hand takes it up,
put your left hand and you'll see the difference.
Lucky.
Oh
Sucking it,
yeah,
sucking.
See,
nothing is happening.
I mean,
I'm sucking it.
I'm sorry,
No,
just see the other one.
I see.
So they're different.
Just,
just like electrical charge.
Same laws.
Salo.
All right,
OK.
Still there,
still there.
I'll do it in the car.
I hope you're better now,
are you?
I'll have to hold my ears now because I must have said something.
Yeah.
I just don't know.
Such a lot of catch on the left we it was terrible.
Too much.
No,
too much that you should have to pull your ears.
I mean,
it comes to that then what to do.
It's just I don't think they can handle you being angry.
Guilty actually don't receive anything,
what I'm saying.
Not to feel guilty.
What is that?
I'm not saying it to you because if you are the spirit,
I'm not telling it to you,
but to something else that is not you.
OK,
cool.
Yeah,
the spitting.
So how are you?
That's good.
And what about you?
Where are those three lost souls?
Lost forever.
Horrible there.
What their addresses?
Sam LA
2 from LA and one from um.
Monterey
San Francisco area.
See,
now if you go after them,
their ego will be pampered,
as it is that too much ego.
They don't mind living here as it is,
taking drugs,
doing all kinds of things.
Also to say this is too much is also
ego's expression,
I think,
isn't it?
Too much forego only.
Oh
All right,
it's good.
I love this.
Still,
the right I guess too much is impossible.
Pull it out.
I did change.
God bless you.
This kind of a thing do you want the one that's it exactly same tight,
tight bottoms,
not the big baggy ones.
Oh
That one is uh this char.
Not very tight also.
Yes,
there are some which were very tight and they were no good.
They split every time you sat down,
and there's another type which is too baggy.
They don't look nice.
You look like you're,
yes,
they look like you're going to bed.
You don't look like you're doing Puja.
And the other type is this type is very smart and it's nice.
You have to look elegant.
For you,
I don't know this
this one too.
Nobody who is
younger than 12 years is coming,
isn't it?
That's right.
Jacqueline
Jacqueline is what is her age?
But she's quite mature for her age.
Jacqueline is quite.
Your daughter is uh quite sensible right now she's all right.
She's a lot better.
She's very sensible for her.
Yes,
up to that we can have,
say 10 years,
we should put about 10 years.
Very small children going to be difficult.
Better.
All right.
I'll see,
I'll be seeing this lawyer with a muddled head.
He liked me because I'm quite confused.
He'd be totally confused by the time you're French.
All right.
May God bless you.
Enjoy yourself now.
Enjoy.
I don't talk too much.
Don't talk too much.
That's not necessary.
Just enjoy
a little bit.
Talk something nice to each other.
Be nice,
kind,
but all the time,
talk,
you know,
one goes mad.
They have some
tapes,
listen to tapes.
That's better is better.
A sing is better than talking,
I think.
Hello Sri Mahakali matajiri and Mala Devi.
Just get up.
What's the what.
Thank you so much.
Now that's more the collection so we understand.
Yeah.
Yeah that's good.
I.
Hey,
Hollywood accent.
It's a good one.
That's a good,
good,
uh,
what do you call that Charlie,
sir?
The
Ah
I,
I wish,
um,
this fellow was there to relieve me.
What is his name?
Doug.
I
We can sing,
I'll catch the so.
That
Fala
I
So where is our certificates?
We have to give everybody certificates.
Yeah,
everybody passed in the budget programme
here
Bala left Balabala.
Balabala.
one
Let me try.
Which one?
Same one you said?
more.
Can you sing?
I mean my.
I
You
my.
That hallo is a.
Allo,
and it should be removed.
Allo
Allo means I can.
Yeah.
Amrutata nalo nalo means we be in Amro,
yeah,
you can sing better.
Yeah,
which one?
Yeah.
This she sings
she sings,
yeah,
she sings this.
Well,
you have another one here you,
you sing that she,
she sings very well.
Well I
Ah.
Uh-huh.
You sing that.
Why don't you sing?
Marsha.
I
That's what Leslie and
what's your name?
Joe,
Joanna,
I,
I'm very bad in name as a professor,
absent-minded professor,
so I get used to it by the time we leave,
you know,
I remember
that was Joana and uh Leslie.
And what's your name?
Christine.
Yeah,
very good.
Huh?
What did you say?
Just there?
No.
I like that one song you people used to sing in San Diego,
dance to the dance.
Ah,
it's a good song.
You have that?
Let's sing it.
Let's sing it,
yeah,
huh.
Everyone knows that good.
I don't know,
but you know I can enjoy this one.
I dance to the morning,
yeah,
I dance,
yeah.
So you,
you know how to sing,
no.
Uh
Yeah.
Who knows?
Lately,
you know,
right?
Why don't you sing?
Lesley knows.
It's all right,
it's all right.
Very
That was good.
That was good,
yeah.
I was the certificate.
You have to do the certificates.
Yeah.
Yes.
This is.
Yeah.
You
Now
Yeah.
You
These
DJ
my ass.
That was a good
Who's going on.
What would you say
What is the programme going on it was very good.
Thank the Lord of the doves,
sing it again.
With the best
You said it.
It's a no,
I also enjoy when we're in San Diego in a,
in a,
you know,
Balboa Park.
We had a seminar or whatever.
I really loved that.
It's really pretty
and and Guru Puja we go,
you remember Leslie
Leslie Gurouja,
don't we see.
Ah,
it's really,
really nice.
I.
because
And
What
Can you have it.
That's in my language bola JJ JJ car
we can sing
that is.
Let me find it
notes.
I'm getting my,
give me one.
That was good.
I
This is really good.
I have to get the sitaramaram.
I haven't played for a long time.
That would be nice.
It's good.
You,
you know that,
huh,
you know that
page number 15.
Yeah in the song.
Yeah
you have.
Yeah,
let's take it out.
OK.
Uh
I
Yeah.
Pura means complete,
completeness,
nothing half,
nothing,
you know,
it's not pura is completeness,
it's different from perfect
completeness,
yeah,
complete,
completeness,
yeah.
What is that?
Come on,
Cutter.
Yeah
No,
that's not
The
It's not
It's in Christine Kirby.
Oh,
and this one is nice.
I don't know how to change
OK
I
Yeah
No,
no,
no.
They